1.) type variableName = value

2.) No

3.) No

4.) No

5.) To accept arguments

6.) Yes

7.) Yes

8.) Yes.

9.) String[] icecream = {"vanilla", "chocolate", "blackcurrent"}

11.) Step 1: Write the code and save it under java source file type
       Step 2: Open the compiler to compile the code
       Step 3: javac filename.java is the command given to execute the program
       Step 4: If no errors are occured we get the required output or else we need to clear the error and compile the program

12.) Java - Java is an object oriented programing language
       Javac - It is compiler used to compile java program

13.) classLoader is responsible for loading the java class into java virtual machine

14.) We should use try and catch method i.e exception handling method.

15.) Beacause it is a platform independent

16.) Because JDK and JRE and JVM are the platforms of java compiler and we need them to compile the programs.

17.) It converts the generated bytecode into machine level language

18.) Yes

19.) The java code can be written only once and can be compiled or run on any java platforms.

21.) JVM - (Java Virtual Machine) It is a component of java platform which acts as java runtime environment for executing java bytecode. Basically it converts the  bytecode generated by JRE to 
      machine level language. It is the subclass of JRE. It is also a dependent language.

22.) Class members refers to any method that belong to a class.

25.) Variables is used to store the data and then give them a name so that can referenced with in a program.

26.) Java stores variables in a stack

29.)  1. Class variable: Belong to the class itself and are shared among all instances of the class.
	2. Instance variable: Belong to an instance of a class and have unique values for each instance.
	3. Local variable: declared within a method.

30.) It converts the generated bytecode into machine level language

32.) WORA - Write Once Run Anywhere

33.) java --version

34.) 20.0.1 is the latest version of java.

35.) Class is a building block of OOP. It is a blueprint and which define the properties and behavior of objects.

36.) Object is the instance of class that represent real world things.

37.) class className{
		statement 1
		statement 2
		.
		.
		.
		statement n
	}

38.) class Person{
		string name;
		int age;
		string value;
	}
	class PersonRunner{
		public static void main string [] args{
		person ref = new Person();
		System.out.println(ref.name);
	}
		

39.) Initializing the instance of variables when the objects is been created.








